ClementineWay
=============
Clementine Way

	My game was prompted by “an unlabeled can of soup, a pack of M and Ms and an unrequited crush. My story line tried to tell a story that the player has a free night and wants to get together with his crush, Jennifer. After making dinner, the player calls Jennifer back and she does not pick up the phone. The player then travels to the NPC’s house and has to find the emergency key to get into the house and check on Jennifer. The player finds her in her house and she has low blood sugar, so the player has to give Jennifer the M and Ms to raise the sugar levels. That is how you win the game. I once was stuck when I was trying to get an interaction between the player and the NPC. I had trouble getting inform to ‘understand’ different words as something else. I finally got unstuck by corresponding with Mrs. Kiang and using logic to make code that inform understood. I have multiple puzzles in my game. The first puzzle is an information puzzle. The player first has to go into the address book to find Jennifer’s number, and then has to call it on the phone. The next puzzle is a people puzzle. The player must ask Jennifer if she wants to have dinner. The Third puzzle is a combining puzzle. The player mixes ingredients to make a dinner. The fourth puzzle is an information puzzle. The player must unlock a lock that will allow the player to go into Jennifer’s house. The fifth puzzle is a item puzzle. The player must give Jennifer M and Ms, and then she will feel better and go have dinner with the player. The gameplay mechanics that I added in the game was interactive things in the rooms, such as the oven where you can turn it to different temperatures and I added some everyday scenery in the house that you would normally see. Cole damon beta tested my game. His feedback about details really helped to improve the gameplay experience. He pointed out undescribed objects, containers and scenery. I beta tested his game. I was able to find a glitch where the player was trapped between rooms, where if you when west or east, you would still be in the same two rooms. I am most proud of my use of variables. I used a story line variable that increased as the player went through the story. Whenever a big point of the game was reached, I changed the story line variable, and it allowed events to happen in order. If I were to do this project again, I think that I could add more detail into my rooms and add more scenery objects.

